src/anti-heal.md, before:

---
title: Anti-Heal
priority: 10
---

## TL;DR

There are only 3 significant anti-heal items, so take the correct one per the
role you are playing:

| Role         | Item            | Icon |
| ------------ | --------------- | ---- |
| Mage         | Morellonomicon  | [<img src="/images/items/morellonomicon.jpg" width="90">](/images/items/morellonomicon.jpg) |
| Fighter / AD | Mortal Reminder | [<img src="/images/items/mortal-reminder.jpg" width="90">](/images/items/mortal-reminder.jpg) |
| Tank         | Thornmail       | [<img src="/images/items/thornmail.jpg" width="90">](/images/items/thornmail.jpg) |


### Tell me More

The items above have a chance to reduce the enemy's heal by 40% for 3 seconds.
Beyond this, Varus has a 2nd skill that can disrupt enemies' healing abilities.
This skill, called "Disruption," reduces the enemy's heal by 40% for 3 seconds.
It also deals 50/75/100/125 magic damage to the enemy.

**Spell-Based Anti-Heals**: The only spell that can reduce enemy heals is
"Ignite," which deals true damage and reduces heals by 40%. This spell has
a range of 625 and lasts for 1 second, dealing 80/120/160/200 magic damage to
the enemy.

#### Sources for this Material

- [Liquipedia](https://liquipedia.net/wildrift/Grievous_Wounds){:target="_blank"}
- [Roonby](https://roonby.com/2023/02/23/league-of-legends-wild-rift-guide-for-anti-heal/){:target="_blank"}

Commit message:

feat: update anti-heal with current info

src/anti-heal.md, after:

---
title: Anti-Heal
priority: 10
---

## TL;DR

There are only 4 significant anti-heal items, so take the correct one per the
role you are playing:

| Role         | Item                   | Icon |
| ------------ | ---------------------- | ---- |
| Mage         | Morellonomicon         | [<img src="/images/items/Morellonomicon.webp" width="60">](/images/items/Morellonomicon.webp) |
| AD           | Mortal Reminder        | [<img src="/images/items/Mortal_Reminder.webp" width="60">](/images/items/Mortal_Reminder.webp) |
| Bruiser      | Chempunk Chainsword    | [<img src="/images/items/Chempunk_Chainsword.webp" width="60">](/images/items/Chempunk_Chainsword.webp) |
| Tank         | Thornmail              | [<img src="/images/items/Thornmail.webp" width="60">](/images/items/Thornmail.webp) |


### Tell me More

The items above reduce the enemy's heal by 50% for 3 seconds when dealing damage to them, except Thornmail, which triggers when you receive damage. The effect is called Grievous Wounds and can be acquired by buying the tier 2 item alone in the associated item build path. This can be useful as a cheap solution against foes with healing abilities, leaving the full item to be built later.


**Ability-Based Anti-Heals**: Varus has an ability that can disrupt enemies' healing abilities.
This skill, called "Hail of Arrows," reduces the enemy's heal by 40% for 3 seconds.
It also slows and deals 70/115/160/205 Physical Damage to the enemy.


**Spell-Based Anti-Heals**: The only spell that can reduce enemy heals is
"Ignite," which deals True Damage and reduces heals by 60%. This spell has
a range of 625 and lasts for 5 seconds, dealing 72-380 True Damage to
the enemy.

#### Sources for this Material

- [Liquipedia](https://liquipedia.net/wildrift/Grievous_Wounds){:target="_blank"}
- [Roonby](https://roonby.com/2023/02/23/league-of-legends-wild-rift-guide-for-anti-heal/){:target="_blank"}
- [Fandom](https://leagueoflegends.fandom.com/wiki/Wild_Rift){:target="_blank"}
